Clarify login provider setting scope in documentation (#8132)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: umbraco-cloud/begin-your-cloud-journey/the-cloud-portal/organizations/organization-login-providers.md

Reviewer: This also need to be updated. Only Read and Write are allowed as roles on organization ELP. 
Also clarify that this is on the general project permission level for the organization. There is no access to any organization stuff through ELP (I know its also written in an info box above, but who remembers that?)

### User Mapping Claim Name

Your provider may assign users to specific roles. For example: Read and Write.

The **User Mapping Claim Name** is the field in the authentication token (claim) that identifies these roles. The system reads this claim to determine a user's permissions.

For example, if the roles claim is called `user_roles` in your provider, you set the **User Mapping Claim Name** to `user_roles`.

{% hint style="info" %}
If the field is left blank, the system will default to use `http://schemas.microsoft.com/ws/2008/06/identity/claims/role` as the claim name.

> This setting only applies to flexible, granular access control at the project level. It does not affect organization-level roles or permissions.

Reviewer 2: A suggestion to swap the two sentences here, and use the name of the setting instead of "This".

```suggestion
The **User Mapping Claim Name** setting only applies to flexible, granular access control at the project level. It does not affect organization-level roles or permissions.

If the field is left blank, the system will default to use `http://schemas.microsoft.com/ws/2008/06/identity/claims/role` as the claim name.
```

If the field is left blank, the system will default to use `http://schemas.microsoft.com/ws/2008/06/identity/claims/role` as the claim name.
{% endhint %}

{% hint style="info" %}

> This setting only applies to flexible, granular access control at the project level. It does not affect organization-level roles or permissions.

Reviewer: Does this not belong to the section below in `Project Permissions`?

Reviewer: If this belongs here - should it then be combined with the info box above?

Author: It should belong here - as this is where the confusion was at to begin with..
